you know, you know,
Sir, I will rent it out by myself right now with this example,
It's up to you. Please give me your hand just now,
Help me find a home and a way out.
Because you are responsible for what you said, your Zhao family,
It has been passed down for less than a hundred years, but now,
They were all employed by prominent ministers,
I will be born in heaven in one step, and I will also look for three seasons in northern Jiangsu.
Your Zhao family is at its peak,
You still need a way out from me.
And you, this good son, first wanted to cut out my tongue,
Later, a good order was issued, and I was ashamed to be in Sioux City.
In his eyes, I'm just a woman who was abandoned by a woman
Not only do we respect the law of knowing the person who has been connected to the police for the following crimes:
You give him to me
Can I help him if he is not convinced by those ten thousand pieces of evidence?
Hierophant, your own son
Or should you handle it yourself?
My son, it’s all because of me
Who will the teacher be promoted to?
We commit suicide
Okay, what do you have to say to us?
Even if he is spiritual, no matter what
It’s not like you’re in a hurry. Just tell us not to kill us.
Do you believe him? Think about it
No one can let him eat it
Teacher, your son is more stubborn than you. Stop talking.
He is not one of your brothers, it is a lie